>> Sarah Drasner: Take your last pen and
make it interactive.
So this could be a button click,
if you wanna start really simple.
You were working on a GreenSock
timeline in the last one.
You could just pause it and
then have it restart with a button click.
If you wanna make it more ambitious,
you could try to hook it up to a slider.
You could try to hook
it up to a draggable,
dragging something else around the screen,
it doesn't have to be a circle either,
you could drag anything and
control a timeline, so either way.
But if it's more ambitious, you should try
to make a thumbnail before you start so
you have a plan.
Okay, so we'll do ten minutes for
that one.